Added a warning on the method usage. (#164)
MicrosoftDocs/CommunityToolkit: docs/maui/behaviors/statusbar-behavior.md

}
```

> [!WARNING]

> > If you want to add this code the `MainPage`'s `ctor, OnAppearing or OnNavigatedTo` methods, use the `Behavior` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to add this code the `MainPage`'s constructor, `OnAppearing` or `OnNavigatedTo` methods, please use the `Behavior` instead.
```

> Using directly on these places can crash your application since the platform-specific components may not be initialized.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
